Push0 rematerializer (#14469)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:

>  * Yul Optimizer: Rematerialize zero literals in order to take advantage of the PUSH0 opcode (introduced in Shanghai).

Reviewer: We could describe this in a more high-level manner, e.g. something like:

```suggestion
 * Yul Optimizer: If ``PUSH0`` is supported, favour zero literals over storing zero values in variables.
```

But the current entry is also fine, if it quotes ``PUSH0`` (I trust that you'll do that despite me already approving the rest ;-)).
